README.md, before:

# Luminark LMS

A modern Learning Management System built with Next.js 15, featuring a beautiful galaxy purple theme and comprehensive learning features.

## Features

- 🎨 **Beautiful UI**: Modern design with galaxy purple theme and grey backgrounds
- 📚 **Course Management**: Browse, enroll, and track course progress
- 📝 **Assignment System**: Submit and review assignments
- 📊 **Progress Tracking**: Monitor learning progress and grades
- 👥 **Role-Based Access**: Student, Teacher, and Admin dashboards
- 🔐 **Secure Authentication**: JWT-based authentication system
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Works perfectly on all devices

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **UI Components**: Shadcn UI
- **Authentication**: Custom JWT implementation
- **State Management**: React Hooks
- **TypeScript**: Full type safety

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3002](http://localhost:3002) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: created documentation and added screenshots of the app

README.md, after:

# Luminark LMS

A modern Learning Management System built with Next.js 15, featuring a beautiful galaxy purple theme and comprehensive learning features.

## Features

- 🎨 **Beautiful UI**: Modern design with galaxy purple theme and grey backgrounds
- 📚 **Course Management**: Browse, enroll, and track course progress
- 📝 **Assignment System**: Submit and review assignments
- 📊 **Progress Tracking**: Monitor learning progress and grades
- 👥 **Role-Based Access**: Student, Teacher, and Admin dashboards
- 🔐 **Secure Authentication**: JWT-based authentication system
- 📱 **Responsive Design**: Works perfectly on all devices

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **UI Components**: Shadcn UI
- **Authentication**: Custom JWT implementation
- **State Management**: React Hooks
- **TypeScript**: Full type safety

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3002](http://localhost:3002) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## 📚 Documentation

For detailed information about the Luminark LMS platform, features, and usage, please refer to our comprehensive documentation:

- **[📖 Complete System Documentation](docs/LUMINARK_LMS_DOCUMENTATION.md)** - Full system overview with screenshots
- **[📁 Documentation Index](docs/README.md)** - Quick navigation and organization guide
- **[📱 Screenshots & Visuals](docs/)** - Visual reference for all system features

The documentation includes:
- System architecture and technical details
- User guides for students, teachers, and administrators
- Screenshots of all major interfaces
- Feature descriptions and capabilities
- Getting started guides and best practices

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
